fix: added Textarea-ref in docs (#39277)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/joy/components/textarea/textarea.md

{{"demo": "TextareaUsage.js", "hideToolbar": true, "bg": "gradient"}}

### HTML textarea ref

> Use `slotProps.textarea` to pass props to the `ref` and other [supported attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/textarea#attributes) to HTML textarea element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `slotProps.textarea` attribute to pass props to the `ref` and other [supported HTML attributes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/textarea#attributes) to the textarea element.
```

Quick copy nudge. Is the `slotProps.textarea` an attribute or a prop?

{{"demo": "TextareaDecorators.js"}}

### Textarea ref
`useRef` in React is typically used to reference a DOM element or a component. In the case of form inputs like Input or TextArea in Joy UI, you can use useRef to access and interact with the underlying DOM node directly without causing re-renders.

> {{"demo": "TextareauseRef.js"}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{"demo": "TextareaRef.js"}}
```

You have to create a demo file named `TextareaRef.js` too.

Author: I have created demo file named TextareaRef.js and also made changes which you suggested. Thank you for reviewing .

{{"demo": "TextareaDecorators.js"}}

### Textarea ref

> `useRef` in React is typically used to reference a DOM element or a component. In the case of form inputs like Input or TextArea in Joy UI, you can use useRef to access and interact with the underlying DOM node directly without causing re-renders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `[useRef](https://react.dev/reference/react/useRef)` hook to directly access and interact with the underlying Textarea DOM node without causing re-renders.
```

{{"demo": "TextareaRef.js"}}

> Input:
> ```js
> <Input slotProps={{ input: { ref } }} />
> ```
> Textarea:
> ```js
> <Textarea slotProps={{ input: { ref } }} />
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

I'm not sure we need these here; there are no clear instructions as to what they mean and what they should teach — overall, the demo should suffice to illustrate how to use the hook. Additionally, we may want to add Input-specific content on the Text Field page instead! 🤙
